anything this dress of CHOP content that
we shot see was gone - how's Paul doing
Arthur sniffing oh it was all over
very change people in there tend to
increase with diet especially situation
tested twos contested threes any of the
ways if anything his timing to talk
every game just just come together as a
team
we already know this well these what is
much it's on the
if anything I think my approach to the
game has to be different I came out by
the game shop with no more usually you
guys when you have a loss like this
video when you guys lost Atlanta down
there usually refocus on a winning
streak is that what do you guys have to
do to make that happen to get prepared
but we promise that everyone to win the
game more aggressive Marcus our
intensity has to be up I think it
working it for this between you playing
through a lot of pain right now
treatment uses right no injuries
everybody have in terms probably right
now
I'll just try the live game nevertheless
how you went the game would I get into a
line that you do like defensively they
were trying to make we know if they are
very routine spawn the wall but they
push a little all they came out played a
good game if anything we just got to
make it complete tougher mesto next edge
make every time I'm gonna test every
shot you never breathe out
play our game of temples
high-performance booth - are they gonna
they gonna do it later BMO Ronnie - if
anything I think it's gonna be war out
there playoffs just happen